docs: update vscode docs for devkit compatibility (#14815)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/get-started-vscode.md

1. Open VS Code
1. If this is not a new installation then try to update it. Press `F1` and type `Code: Check for Updates...` and select it. A notification will tell you if an update is available.
1. Configure VS Code to start from the command-line using the `code` command. This can be configured by following [these instructions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/command-line#_launching-from-command-line).
1. Install the **Uno Platform** extension. Press `F1` and type `Extensions: Install Extensions`, search the marketplace for **Uno Platform** and click the **Install** button.
1. Open the VS Code Settings using `Ctrl` + `,` (or `⌘` + `,` on a Mac), then search for `useOmnisharp` and enable it (checkbox)
    ![useOmnisharp](Assets/quick-start/vs-code-useOmniSharp.png)

No other extensions are needed to complete this guide.

## C# Dev Kit (Experimental) or OmniSharp (Legacy) Modes

> New versions of the **Uno Platform extension** works with the [C# extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp) `ms-dotnettools.csharp` (with OmniSharp enabled) **or** the [C# Dev Kit extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit) `ms-dotnettools.csdevkit`. Depending on your configuration some manual changes might be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from 0.12.0 of the **Uno Platform extension** supports the [C# extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp) `ms-dotnettools.csharp` (with OmniSharp enabled) **or** the [C# Dev Kit extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit) `ms-dotnettools.csdevkit`. Depending on your configuration some manual changes might be needed.
```

Note: Microsoft has [not completed nor formalized](https://github.com/dotnet/vscode-csharp/issues/5805) the APIs required for integration with C# DevKit. As such our support is, like the APIs, **experimental** and might break if/when breaking changes are introduced in the Microsoft extensions.

> - [How to switch to C# DevKit Mode](doc/articles/get-started-vscode-devkit.md)
> - [How to switch to OmniSharp Mode](doc/articles/get-started-vscode-omnisharp.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to switch to C# DevKit Mode](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vscode.DevKit)
- [How to switch to OmniSharp Mode](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vscode.OmniSharp)
```
